hey guys this is xavier with got to be
mobile and this is a new iphone 5s i was
lucky enough to get one in gold which is
the most difficult version to get i'm
just going to go ahead and open it up
and take a look at the finish and show
you how it compares to the white iphone
5s see it's brand new in the package
this one is activated on 18 tease
network18 tea is my favorite network in
san francisco and i use all the networks
and here we go out of the box as you can
see it's pretty plain looking at front
and when you turn it sideways you can
start to see the gold edges the top edge
here this corner corners are aluminum
silver so those you have to worry about
this getting scuffed or scratched let's
go ahead and take it out of the box and
you can see that you have this little
ring around the home button that's a
part of the touch ID sensor system so
you can unlock it with your finger go
ahead and take this out and there you go
that's the gold finish it's not a super
bowl bright gold it's really and it's
really subtle it's not as gold as I
thought it would be now as yellow as I
thought it would be it's definitely
different looking than the white version
white and silver version but you can see
it's got the same general tone it's not
a super bright like a brassy gold you
can see here on this knife that I used
to open the box this is a brass part of
the knife you can see the difference in
color so it's definitely a nice looking
phone it does not look as gold as it
does on apple's website which i think is
probably over saturated a bit and the
iphone 5s comes with the standard apple
accessories like you would expect and
got the AC adapter you have the
lightning cable and the pair of
headphones and these headphones are
pretty decent these days they're not
like the earbuds that used to come with
iPods and the directionals are pretty
decent it's still well worth
upgrading to an 80 or 90 dollar pair of
headphones at the Apple Store or buying
something online but this is a this is
it this is pretty simple unboxing and go
ahead and power this on get sim card in
it and start reviewing this this is
xavier from gotta be mobile with the
iphone 5s in gold